Mr. Fatty, she has princess syndrome.
She's always trying to get my attention.
Every now and then, she snatches
some shiny things from my desk.
I'll give you plenty to pick up.
What about the other pieces?
It's good enough that I got this porcelain piece back.
The rest can't be found anymore.
Mr. Zhang,
can I say a few words?
Wait a moment.
Go ahead.
Dear viewers.
I am from Jingdezhen Ceramic University,
a teacher of the restoration major.
My name is Yue Qixin.
I take full responsibility for what I am about to say.
Please take a look.
This is a broken piece we found in the shop,
from the porcelain bowl
that was personally smashed
by Mr. Zhang.
There are obvious traces of splicing on this.
Instrument tests show
that the old part,
just as Mr. Zhang said,
is an old bowl bottom from the Chenghua reign of the Ming Dynasty.
But the new part is clearly a replica.
This indicates
that the porcelain bowl Mr. Zhang smashed was rejoined.
This also proves that what Xu Xiao
said to you two at the time
was correct.
Everyone, please look.
This
is the certificate issued by the Ceramics Research Institute.
Mr. Zhang.
This farce should come to an end now.
And please, from now on,
stop slandering Xu Xiao
and Jingdezhen Ceramic University.
Otherwise,
you will face legal sanctions and punishment.
Do you understand?
In most cases,
people can only see the world they want to see.
They only believe what they are willing to believe.
If this continues,
they will fall into a vicious circle,
trapping themselves inside and unable to get out.
I don't want to see this happen again.
So the issue with Xu Xiao
is completely resolved now, right?
I saw Zhang Jiatian apologizing on the live stream.
Many buyers are demanding a refund.
He apologized.
Evil people will get their retribution.
Exactly.
He's here.
Clap.
Mr. Yue.
You live up to your name, Mr. Yue.
Hello, Mr. Yue.
You look so handsome, Mr. Yue.
Good.
So handsome.
Mr. Yue. Mr. Yue.
As expected of you, Mr. Yue.
So cool.
It has to be Mr. Yue.
Mr. Yue,
thank you.
All right, get up.
You should thank your classmates the most.
Yes.
Give another round of applause.
Go back.
Alright, class.
Okay.
Let's begin class.
Alright.
The victim was found at the beverage station on the third floor of the annex.
The door to the beverage station opens inward,
and could not be opened.
The windows were also locked from the inside.
So this was a completely locked room.
The solution to this case,
which is also the only solution,
is that the killer took advantage of everyone's fixed mindset.
To create the illusion that he had just arrived at the crime scene.
In fact,
he had been hiding in the wine cabinet and never left.
And among us,
the only person who had the chance to hide in the wine cabinet is
Lin Yuexin.
I think we can just vote for the killer.
There's no need to proceed with the following steps.
I think we shouldn't invite him next time.
My back hurts from sitting.
Nothing I can do.
I got caught my first time being the killer.
Yan Xue,
wait a moment.
What's wrong?
I want to give this to you.
Xu Xiao and I fixed this together.
My assignment.
About what happened before, I...
I'm sorry.
First,
I want to thank you for fixing my porcelain.
Second, I want to apologize to you.
But I hope
you can understand why I did that.
I thought you liked Xu Xiao
but were deliberately hiding it.
That day, you said you wouldn't team up with him,
but the next day, you did.
We all thought you were being two-faced,
so we were really angry.
But over time,
I realized you genuinely didn't know.
So I want to apologize to you.
I mean,
can you just face
your true feelings?
I...
Besides,
I think Xu Xiao likes you.
No, he's just...
If Xu Xiao didn't like you,
think about it,
why would he team up with you? Right?
So,
can you accept my apology?
Yes.
Then let's hug.
Okay.
Let's go.
It's time to take your medicine.
Here, take this.
Why is there always candy when I take medicine?
I like sweet things.
I usually keep some in my pocket.
Crackle glaze refers to
a natural cracking phenomenon on porcelain glaze.
This was originally a flaw in firing porcelain.
But after people mastered the pattern,
they created crackle glaze.
The cracked surface
presents a unique beauty instead.
On the road of life,
there will be many forks.
But it is exactly these countless branches
that make us complete.
His excellence,
and an inexplicable persistence,
are very attractive, right?
Can you face
your true feelings?
Let's give it a name.
Is Xiaoqing okay?
Hello, everyone. My name is Xu Xiao.
Nice to meet you all.
Thank you.
Can I team up
with you?
Here.
So this is what it feels like to fall for someone.
Mom.
Have a seat.
Have some tea first.
You asked me out behind Uncle Song's back.
Instead of going home,
we're drinking tea here.
Did you watch
Zhang Jiatian's live stream?
Actually...
I know what you want to say.
Out of the question.
Actually, I've always been able to understand you.
You don't want me to suffer,
or to be in this industry
and be looked down upon
because of what Dad did.
You certainly don't want me to follow in his footsteps.
But Mom,
I want to tell you
that I could never become someone like him.
I would never do anything to hurt you.
I will absolutely not become obsessed with antiques,
because I know
that would only end up hurting
the people closest to me.
I always remember
when we were in debt when I was a kid.
You struggled alone to support the family,
losing so much hair
and staying awake all night.
But you always smiled at me in the end
and said everything would be fine.
So I've always told myself
that I will absolutely never become a man like my dad,
and I will never let you get hurt again.
Since I was little,
you were the one who raised me.
Even though it was because of Dad
that I fell in love with this major,
you were the one who taught me how to be a decent person.
Mom.
I will study hard
and take everything seriously.
Even when facing controversy,
I must live up to my conscience.
That's what you taught me.
This is not only my respect for the major,
but also my respect for you.
So,
Mom,
I hope you can trust me.
I am not like him.
I will never make you sad again.
The color seems too dark,
doesn't it?
A bit too dark.
No good.
Here, look at this one.
This one is not bad.
The color is nice.
It's too deliberate, Sis.
It's not deliberate.
It's showing respect.
Besides, it's basic courtesy.
You know?
I'm meeting someone for the first time.
I don't want to dress like this.
Plus, I have my own clothes.
What's wrong with you?
You've been like this since we were kids.
You always go against whatever I say.
Let me tell you.
You are not a kid anymore.
Behave.
Mom, Auntie.
What are you doing?
I'm going out with your mom to meet someone later.
Are you going out?
I'm going out with my classmates.
Isn't it the weekend today?
Why are you running out again?
It's a good thing that Xiaocen can make friends here,
sister.
I'm leaving now, Mom.
Wait a minute.
Okay, don't forget to drink it.
Got it.
Go ahead.
Bye, Aunt.
Bye.
Be careful on the road.
Got it.
She's so old and still makes me worry.
You too.
Still drinking water?
Hurry up and go.
Stop drinking.
Sister.
Get up quickly. Be a good girl.
I don't want to wear that dress anymore.
Hurry up, stand here.
Come on, listen to me. That's right.
Xiaocen, what are you doing today?
Do you want to come to the Jingdezhen Imperial Kiln Museum to play?
I have arrived.
I'm sorry, Yuexin.
I have to work at the antique shop today.
You have to go to the antique shop on the weekend?
Yeah, Xu Xiao is also in the shop.
I have to go and help.
Oh, I see.
Okay then.
That's it then. Bye.
This is a blue-and-white cloud dragon design vat.
It was made in the Imperial Kiln Factory in the Ming Dynasty.
The work you see now
is a piece restored by later generations.
After the founding of the People's Republic,
We excavated many dragon jar fragments.
Only three have been fully restored.
One is on display here.
Another is at the Jingdezhen Ceramics Museum.
You can guess
what this dragon jar was used for.
For raising fish.
For storing water?
Raising fish.
Right, for storing water.
Xu Xiao.
Morning.
Where is the boss?
The boss usually doesn't come to the shop on Saturdays.
It's just the two of us today.
Why?
It's pretty quiet.
Let me help you.
It's fine. Do your own work.
It's okay.
I don't have much to do today anyway.
Okay.
How is my drawing?
Not bad.
Just not bad?
It's pretty good.
Okay.
Um, Xiaocen.
Willing to shed hot blood.
Hello, boss.
You are all here.
Why are you here?
Why can't I be here?
Don't you usually not come to the shop on weekends?
I'm a casual person.
How's business?
No business.
That's normal.
Are you two busy?
Yes.
Very busy.
Boss, is there anything wrong?
Come over and have a cup of tea.
Newly arrived Lu'an Melon Seed tea.
Okay.
What's wrong?
When the boss says to drink tea,
it means he wants to chat.
Isn't chatting good?
You'll know later.
Let's go.
Do you know why I like
hiring you college students?
Because you are
full of youthful vigor.
Being with you,
I feel young myself.
College life is really great.
I still remember
the five guys in my college dorm.
Those five were full of hidden talents.
The guy in the bed diagonally opposite me
had a really big head.
When it rained,
his clothes never got wet.
His head caught all the rain.
The one diagonally opposite me on this side
was extremely handsome.
The most handsome in our class.
He looked exactly like Cai Guoqing when he was young.
We all called him Brother Big Eyes.
The one sleeping head-to-head with me
was smart from a young age
and always tricked me.
At that time, he told me
that in his hometown,
with one whistle,
twenty big guys would jump out.
I actually believed him back then, you know?
Later, he
got into Berklee College of Music.
He became an excellent musician.
The most awesome and smartest one
is this guy sleeping right opposite my bed.
He was among the first batch of e-commerce livestreamers.
Now he's making a fortune.
He rakes in money every day,
with over 20 livestreamers working for him.
Isn't that impressive?
Our dorm building is also very beautiful.
The entire building is covered in Boston ivy.
This Boston ivy doesn't dissipate heat.
When summer comes,
it gets incredibly hot.
The whole window gets completely covered.
You have to take scissors
and cut it off piece by piece.
Otherwise, no breeze can come in at all.
Right,
you guys have AC in your dorms now, right?
Back in our day, let alone AC,
even the electric fans didn't work well.
We were so hot.
You know how hot it got?
Push the door open,
and it was like an erotic painting.
All the guys had no clothes on.
Of course, they wore pants.
Do you know how hot
we ended up getting?
Your whole dorm went
and booked a room.
Have I told you?
You've said it twice.
But I haven't told Xiaocen.
Xiaocen, did you know
it was so hot that the five of us guys
had to go get a hotel room
and squeeze into one standard room?
Could we even fit?
Not at all.
In the end, I slept in the bathtub.
And then I fell ill.
I must have a bathtub when buying a house.
Otherwise, it feels too small.
I didn't expect the boss to chat for so long.
Maybe he
feels bored sometimes.
He told me before.
He's been in Jingdezhen for seven years.
He used to have a big business.
Then he suddenly fell ill.
Those close to him
gradually left him.
After he recovered,
he left everything behind.
He came here
and opened this shop.
Maybe everyone who comes here
has their own past.
You know what?
We have a tradition in Jingdezhen
that has lasted for thousands of years.
It is to reuse old kiln bricks.
Because for traditional wood-fired kilns,
after firing porcelain about 80 times,
the bricks used to build them
will reach their life cycle
and be naturally replaced from the kiln.
Then these old kiln bricks with kiln sweat
are combined with new ones
to become building materials for local residents.
I see.
The imperial kiln is the origin of our city, Jingdezhen.
But I feel
it better preserves the memory
and warmth of this city.
Every time I visit and walk around here,
it feels like I can really travel through time.
It's as if I can truly see the ancients
working hard here.
The ones displayed in this row
are all modern ceramics.
Look.
This one is 'Spring Brings Good Fortune'.
It's really beautiful.
By the way,
can I ask you for a favor?
What is it?
If you have time,
could you take me to your school's museum
for a visit?
Our school's museum?
Yes.
Your school's museum
has many precious collections.
I've always wanted to see them.
Because only people from the school can make a reservation,
so...
Okay.
Thank you.
No problem. Let's go.